[Docs]: Add Propagate Dependencies user guide (#1684)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/userguide/propagate-dependencies.md

# Propagate dependencies

> Deployment, Job, Pod, DaemonSet and StatefulSet dependencies(ConfigMaps and Secrets) can be propagated to the member

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment, Job, Pod, DaemonSet and StatefulSet dependencies (ConfigMaps and Secrets) can be propagated to member
```

> clusters automatically. This document demonstrates how to use this feature. More design details please referring to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clusters automatically. This document demonstrates how to use this feature. For more design details, please refer to
```

        ports:
        - containerPort: 80
        volumeMounts:
          - name: configmap
            mountPath: "/configmap"
      volumes:
        - name: configmap
          configMap:
            name: my-nginx-config
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: my-nginx-config
data:
  nginx.properties: |
    proxy-connect-timeout: "10s"
    proxy-read-timeout: "10s"
    client-max-body-size: "2m"
```
Create a propagation policy with this Deployment and set `propagateDeps: true`.
```yaml
apiVersion: policy.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: PropagationPolicy
metadata:
  name: my-nginx-propagation
spec:
  propagateDeps: true
  resourceSelectors:
    - apiVersion: apps/v1
      kind: Deployment
      name: my-nginx
  placement:
    clusterAffinity:
      clusterNames:
        - member1
        - member2
    replicaScheduling:
      replicaDivisionPreference: Weighted
      replicaSchedulingType: Divided
      weightPreference:
        staticWeightList:
          - targetCluster:
              clusterNames:
                - member1
            weight: 1
          - targetCluster:
              clusterNames:
                - member2
            weight: 1
```

> After apply them. Deployment and ConfigMap are properly propagated to member cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon successful policy execution, the Deployment and ConfigMap are properly propagated to the member cluster.
```
